README.md, before:

# FPFX Technologies - React Test

## Task Description

You are required to develop and style a React application using TypeScript. The application should be built with reusable components to ensure modularity and maintainability.

For styling, you may use CSS modules or styled-components. However, TailwindCSS is preferred (not mandatory but recommended).

**Note:** It is necessary to simulate a fake API (JSON file located in the data folder) by running the JSON server. The script to start it can be found in the `package.json` file. The JSON server needs to run concurrently with the application to fetch users.

The task consists of two parts.

### Part 1: Implement Table Functionality

1. **Search by User:**

   - Implement a search functionality allowing users to search for specific entries.

2. **Sorting:**

   - Enable sorting in both ascending and descending order.

3. **Pagination:**

   - Implement pagination to display entries.

4. **Display Entries:**

   - Display entries from 5 to 20, with the default being 10 entries shown.

5. **Current Displayed Entries:**

   - Show the number of entries currently displayed.

6. **Profit and Loss Calculation:**

   - Calculate Profit and Loss shown in the table as the sum of values in the array.

7. **Balance Calculation:**
   - Calculate the balance as (profit - loss). If the balance is positive, use the green color, if negative, use red.

### Part 2: Use Recharts for Chart Implementation

- Use [Recharts](https://recharts.org/en-US/) to implement a chart.
- Retrieve data by selecting any user from the dropdown menu.
- Display profit and loss on the chart obtained from the array.

**Note:** Chart styling is limited, it does not have to be styled like the mockup.

Commit message:

Update README.md with instructions to run the project

README.md, after:

# FPFX Technologies - React Test

## Run the project

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/rafaelleiv/fpfx-react-test.git
   
    cd fpfx-react-test
    ```
   
2. Install the dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
   
3. Start the app and the server concurrently:

   ```bash
    npm run start
    ```
   
   
## Task Description

You are required to develop and style a React application using TypeScript. The application should be built with reusable components to ensure modularity and maintainability.

For styling, you may use CSS modules or styled-components. However, TailwindCSS is preferred (not mandatory but recommended).

**Note:** It is necessary to simulate a fake API (JSON file located in the data folder) by running the JSON server. The script to start it can be found in the `package.json` file. The JSON server needs to run concurrently with the application to fetch users.

The task consists of two parts.

### Part 1: Implement Table Functionality

1. **Search by User:**

   - Implement a search functionality allowing users to search for specific entries.

2. **Sorting:**

   - Enable sorting in both ascending and descending order.

3. **Pagination:**

   - Implement pagination to display entries.

4. **Display Entries:**

   - Display entries from 5 to 20, with the default being 10 entries shown.

5. **Current Displayed Entries:**

   - Show the number of entries currently displayed.

6. **Profit and Loss Calculation:**

   - Calculate Profit and Loss shown in the table as the sum of values in the array.

7. **Balance Calculation:**
   - Calculate the balance as (profit - loss). If the balance is positive, use the green color, if negative, use red.

### Part 2: Use Recharts for Chart Implementation

- Use [Recharts](https://recharts.org/en-US/) to implement a chart.
- Retrieve data by selecting any user from the dropdown menu.
- Display profit and loss on the chart obtained from the array.

**Note:** Chart styling is limited, it does not have to be styled like the mockup.
